garden variety human 953 Jeffrey how are you sir if I could get a sound check
from one of you two characters I don't know if you're watching or just
listening and we will get started watch her be yellow five by five says
doubt ale and so does Jeffrey great great good I say good
audios
and I also now know that our friend Jonathan Cooey who some of you will know
from his lab leak series early in the pandemic called JC on a bike journal
club on a bike that he also has advanced a version of this hypothesis so I don't
claim it to be unique I do think I arrived at it independently
oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa oh timeout JC on a bike JC on the
bike it's JC on the bike it's JC on the bike yeah well I'm wise enough to know
when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one look at round it's JC on
the bike who says Vader didn't study music in college
where you know I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to so that's the best I
can do without I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a
worst case scenario I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing
with essentially a worst case scenario I think it's a great question antibodies
wouldn't necessarily cause MHC to be presenting foreign proteins that is
true however maybe cells making antibodies that aren't supposed to make
antibodies would still be a combination that would risk autoimmune disease that's
a great question though Jeff okay but actually they're kind of cheating when
they're calling these things vaccines and you know anything with really rapidly
fading efficacy such that you need shots within a year you know Canada saying
nine months is as actually JJ Coe's insistence and I think he's right on
calling them transfections rather than the vaccines
he's scheduled for 60 minutes next he's going on French British Italian Japanese
television people everywhere are starting to listen to him it's embarrassing
or what I want is high morbidity I want people to complain so what do I do I go
to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen I have nothing
against Des Moines I live there for four years I go to Des Moines I infect a
couple of Sentinel cases in Des Moines I go to Seattle I infect a couple of cases
there I go to North Carolina I go to I gotta admit I don't know really how we
differentiate from myocytes and endothelial cells all these cells where
the transfection is most likely to be to occur and so if it's most likely to
occur in cardiac capillaries then cardiac capillaries are directly
opposite cardiac myocytes so I'm not saying you're wrong I'm just saying
that anywhere where there's a capillary bed you're gonna get
transfection and most likely that means overwhelmingly endothelial cells and
then maybe in the heart maybe in the liver and other capillary beds but I
think the the whole point of of transfecting endothelial cells is also in
that same small area you're gonna also have platelets and other things where
you just don't want to transfect those cells that's the problem so it's all
there it's all up for grabs it it's definitely all part of the the
possibilities that they're they're trying to obscure
and as a consequence of doing that what I do is I create a schism between the
polis and the public health system I fracture the integrity of trust and
reliance upon the population and its government
I have no reason not to engage with the amazing poly on Twitter I always let
people disappoint me before I stop that I do have some some rules of engagement
but certainly Paul is seems to be one of these people who understands the kind
of monster we're up against
I'm gonna talk about this a little bit tonight I want to bring this up a little bit tonight
I would say be careful with disrupting human cellular evolution I don't know
what kind of human cellular evolution you're describing but that's a pretty
bold statement then I can disrupt anything they'd love for us to believe
that they have screwed up things for the people that have been
multiply transfected I think we have a whole host of possibilities I agree but
the bricks are visible ladies and gentlemen I see the bricks the tables and
chairs have been moved out of the way and they're not playing anymore I mean
this is just just a rod mass right now I would have to agree that they
hepatitis B at birth is one of the most despicable things that we do here in
America I don't think the vitamin K shock can really be argued for either the idea
that a newborn is born short of vitamin K and therefore it benefits from an
injection of it is is pretty big assumption I used to be a patch client
physiologists that's where the name Giga on biological comes from this is Giga
on biological high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by
a biologist you can find me at Giga on biological.com and Giga home dot bio you
can find my confession at the Scooby link you can find a place to support with
one-time donations a way to watch the brief you can download my stream deck
the new one will be available next week you can leave me a voicemail or email
and you can become a subscriber and I need that right now and so if you can
and haven't please do join this ever-growing list of subscribers I believe
there are something close to 90 live subscribers and I need about 900 if I
have 900 I think I can do two or three shows a day and go absolutely bananas
and produce PDFs and all the all the other stuff that I tried to do a couple
years ago and I first jumped out of this plane I'm gonna be jumping out of this
plane again it and so that means subscribers we need them and we need
people to share the work so if you've got a Twitter if you've got a Facebook if
you've got these different places start getting more active with sharing the
work of Giga on biological so that we can get this on the air as many times as
possible so that I can do more substacks where we have the full transcript
available so I can put some subtitles in and use all my time during the day for
this that would be the plan and then we'll see how much productivity we can get as
we try to break this faith in a novel virus I think we've got about a year to
establish something that can break this and get this information out there about
a conflated background signal and get this idea out there that intramuscular
injection many combination of substances with the intent of augmenting
the immune system is dumb this is the faith we're trying to break ladies and
gentlemen don't let anyone fool you this is what they are protecting along with
the vaccine schedule of course that none of the serious ones will actually
question so these are the leads we're gonna follow these leads and we're gonna
keep following these leads until we break the story wide open we think it's
already broken wide open but we gotta we gotta break it and that means stop
all vaccines exactly gray Southwick
good evening ladies and gentlemen this is giga home biological a high
resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist it's
January 12th 2024 my name is Jonathan Cooey and I'm coming to you live from
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania from the back of my garage it is 1006 thank you very
much for joining me I hope that we can find a way for everybody to come
together under a banner some banner another I don't know whose banner we
should come up that's the wrong one whose banner we should come under we
don't need to come under any banners we don't have to be out any teams as long as
we're fighting for the same thing I personally think as long as we are
fighting for the same team all of our energies and all of our work should be
naturally synergistic and so I really can get frustrated by the idea that we
are being coaxed into believing that we've got to accept some kind of you know
well I've got the best podcast so I guess I've got to do something about it I
guess I've got the best platform so I guess I'm the hero everybody's looking
for and this default this default idea that this is a spontaneous rise of
dissidents who finally broken through because of their expert ability the
master teachers have risen to the top of the internet slime to really elevate
the discourse and so the narrative that we're being fed right now is people
like Brett Weinstein because of their unique abilities to communicate these
complex ideas in biology they have risen to the stage where they are given 45
minutes with Tucker Carlson because he has the skills and the requisite
knowledge and the master teaching ability to be the guy who rises to that
occasion and so it's not his fault that he's so good it's not his fault that he's
so skilled and this is an illusion Brett Weinstein did not rise to this occasion
he was placed there just like he was placed there before the pandemic just
like he was placed there when he was given the five hundred thousand dollar
settlement for leaving evergreen this is not a man who has suffered it is a man
who has been placed in front of these these these microphones and in front of
these cameras repeatedly in order to insert him as an authority on social
media and it shouldn't be underestimated how however organic it may seem that
Joe Rogan has risen to prominence as a man with a hundred thousand dollars
Spotify contract to interview people while he smokes illicit substances you
can't see that as anything other than a non-organic fully fake implantation of
someone who is there to bring you messages even if it says lame as embedded
embedded advertisements for his sponsors but if his sponsors are people
that want to harvest your DNA it's a little weird and so I think that's where
we're getting to at this stage that's where people like amazing Polly have
been way ahead of me on and other lots of other researchers have been way ahead
of me on how this whole this whole orchestra of of bros with shows is
is used to to propel a sort of and define a limited spectrum of debate and then you
know fuel a very lively discussion within it and so I think the pandemic was
created by these people these people who were willingly participating before the
pandemic in a general you know the idea that you know we need influencers on our
team we need influencers on the inside on these these media platforms to make
sure that the states message the rulers message the influencers message the
message of these weaponized piles of money is properly curated and we're
gonna put these family friends we're gonna put these these trusted
individuals we're gonna put these groomed individuals in place so that their
credibility supersedes any of these people that are out of our control any
of these people that are actually spontaneous heroes and so I think one of
the curious things to look at with regard to how these people have
risen is always look at who the people around them that they rise past often
times that actually give them a hand as they pass thinking that that person after
their helped up is gonna help them up that's typically not what happens though
with these with these people that are being artificially raised and now keep
in mind that behind the scenes they are artificially raised by the algorithms
and so their opinions their ponderings their podcasts their declaratives their
questions are amplified to millions of people and so when they ask wow I wonder
who did this that is what everyone hears and what everyone heard and so when
Brett Weinstein wonders aloud I wonder how much damage how much damage will be
done by this pandemic and whether it came from a I mean there are definitely
viruses they definitely jump and of course they can make them in laboratories
we've seen it I mean they're very arrogant sometimes it's eventually a
mistake is gonna be made I mean they that's for sure and then this is genetic
stuff and so if Brett Weinstein has the opinion or sports the opinion or is
coached into the opinion or or asked to forward the opinion then what happens
the illusion of consensus gets established because he's talking to Joe
Rogan he's talking to Eric Weinstein he's talking to to Lex Friedman and these two
guys are agreeing and I saw him on the last podcast also agreeing with somebody
and I heard I heard Michael Osterholm on Rogan's podcast so I mean obviously
gain a function laboratory bio weapons is a real possibility even if they just
want to whisper it and right after that I mean right after that on Joe Rogan's
podcast I mean yeah I don't know they talked about prions and deer and so the
illusion of consensus the worst case scenario of a gain a function bio weapon
the illusion of consensus was created by discussions and pondering and
wonderings out loud created by hinting created by casual mentioning dropping
hints here and there if you go back through these hours and hours and hours
of podcasts and commentaries and and interviews you will find endless
references hints to the Scooby-Doo to the question of is this a real pandemic
from a from a animal market or is this a real pandemic from a laboratory the
question actually doesn't need is this a real pandemic because of course both
questions asked that is this a real pandemic from a laboratory or is this a
real pandemic from nature and so the only right answers are this is a real
pandemic and that is that is the magic spell that they have cast on us that is
the reason why we need to be so upset vaccines until we invent really important
ones you know until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone you know and you
know it's not it's you know measles plus and okay I can tolerate what you think
about measles because you know not that many people die from it it's just a
big hassle in the end but no one when we have this new pandemic that is you
know got 75% mortality and it's not it's not it's there'll be no pretense of
being polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it
has to be and this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one
condition or another I mean so so remember what I'm trying to suggest here
that if if what I I hypothesize is true actually happened it was quite an
elaborate plan many of these people would not have known that there was
going to be a pandemic before the pandemic was declared but they would have
known that they were being intentionally placed in positions of influence and
that they were working together that maybe the algorithm was even being
gamed in their favor so that social media would elevate their opinions make
sure that their opinions got in front of more people's eyes than the average
person's opinion on purpose was a Democratic National Committee I don't
know was it was at a banking system or pharmaceutical conglomerate or a criminal
syndicate run by a foreign nations I don't know maybe multiple groups were
involved in the taking advantage of what was certainly seen as a potential
plan because remember that people in the government the people in Tony Fauci's
neck of the woods Tony Fauci's meetings already understood and have heard many
talks like like Ralph Barracks talk about how you make money from a pandemic they've
been selling the idea for many many years that this was possible that doesn't mean
that they did it it does mean that all of them would be in a intellectual
financial career position that if and when the who did declare such an
emergency that they would be likely to enact a worst-case scenario plan and
stick to it for quite some time and so we don't know when they could have
called the bluff when they could have said oh no wait it's wrong we don't know all
of those things because this is a crime and it is a crime scene it is a potential
that was set up for a long time in people's minds inside of the government
inside of secret meetings inside of of all of these bureaucracies through their
intense drilling over a couple decades that this was a possibility events with
badges and with plushies
seeding mass casualty events with complications expected for
transfection this is especially important and was done probably most
succinctly and well in New York City and New York State where the vast
majority of the world's narrative was again seeded not unlike 9-11
in addition I believe that they have a series of little teams that work
together to see this worst-case scenario narrative work together in the sense of
being antagonistic to one another question one another's motives question
one another's conclusions offer alternative opinions but also a little
bit of support to one another in other words a fake set of of spontaneously
assembled gum shoes very much like the same spontaneously assembled group of
people called drastic on Twitter that I got so sucked into early on not so
different than the group of streaming people that I got sucked into streaming
with for almost a month and a half in the beginning of the pandemic from March
until April and all of these people are interconnected all of these people on
this what I can only term amorphously as T Morse case scenario are connected by
themselves calling each other out as bad guys by themselves suing one another
by themselves serving one another apparently and and even though they
both have lawyers they can't seem to get anything to go anywhere people that
have been on 60 minutes the same 60 minutes that had Peter Dasek on more
than once to tell us of pandemic potential in badcapes over the course
of the last 20 years ladies and gentlemen it can't be seen any other way than an
elaborate scheme to get our children to believe that pandemic potential is
real and that therefore they have to surrender their sovereignty to the who
in order to prevent a absolute disaster
oh that's the wrong one this is the one I want to get myself tanny resume and so
making this response a declared crisis of national security priority whatever
HHS prep act activated asper office of whatever all these things turned on
activated that meant that all these participants once they were really
taken in they're only allowed to say certain things and they know what they
can't say and I think I've discovered or identified rather a pretty distinct
pattern and that they don't question the existence of a novel virus they don't
question the fact that a millions of people were killed by it they don't
question the fact that millions more were saved from it just how the majority of
those people were saved they don't question the the danger of gain of
function research in these RNA viruses and they don't question the idea that
another virus will come again they just want different things to happen next
time they want more freedom next time and so the toxicity of the virus and the
toxicity of transfection has been confounded successfully in the population
as a whole and in the young in particular and we need to break this illusion that
is our job that is what we have to do because the mystery virus equals excess
deaths is a an equation that we were made to believe by world leaders by people
at the CDC and on the news and also all the virologists still believe it and
it's just not true unless you do the math unless you take into account that
there were do not resuscitate orders in New York City that brought about this
event right here unless you take into account the use of ventilators that
brought about this event right here the lack of antibiotic use that brought
about this the poor use of steroids that brought about these events the use of
remdesivir and medazalam that brought about these events the increase in opioid
deaths that nobody cares about the brought about these deaths the deaths
certificate fraud that brings about these deaths the COVID deaths the
financial incentives that bring about these deaths down here the COVID deaths
not the real deaths the ones that they labeled track and trace mass closures
mandates all these things that Brett Weinstein said should have just been
stricter and done better and then we would have zero COVID now he actually
believed that never mind the PCR fraud the lateral flow test fraud and likely
sequencing fraud again I do not want to diminish the value and the expertise of
our national health care societies and international exercise like the WHO and
the CDC however they think those are our bodies that are built for peace time and
not for war and we're at war right now with this virus and and one of the main
issues that we've seen is that they initially came out all the national
health care societies came out with recommendations that focuses on
supportive care only which is generally you give Tylenol for fever you treat
symptoms you might give a little hydration nutrition and you give oxygen
and ventilators for for support when they can't breathe and and that's
reasonable for viral syndrome but this thing is different number one number two
that strategy is failing I don't think I need to spend a lot of time showing
how badly that's filled in the mortality and morbidity rates of this disease
are unprecedented I've been doing critical care for a decade and a half I
do not see mortality rates associated with any severe illness that I see in
this this one and so that's a very bold statement and I don't think he's
necessarily lying when he makes that statement but it is a statement that is
based on confusion it is a statement most likely based on being told
that this is what needs to be said because if the lockdowns don't continue
if the compliance does not increase then we're gonna have a big problem and so
it could very well be that in this video at this time Corey thought he was
doing what he had to do even if he was telling or exaggerating or it's not
quite totally and keep in mind that this could have been an aerosolized
toxin of some kind that when he was in New York City he was experiencing but
according to the notes and his own notes he got there after the 20,000 people were
dead after the big peak that we're seeing right here is when he came to to
New York and so it's very very interesting right that this peak is over
and then he shows up and so what did he see when he was in New York what could
he have seen when he was in New York were these it's just a real curious
situation because again this is a man who in the end after saying what he said
here and then the heat of the moment saying that none of these protocols are
working then he became hyper fixated on Ivermectin as a novel treatment for
this novel virus rather than antibiotics steroids when necessary or when
appropriate fluids and and and vitamin C and vitamin D and zinc and all these
other things that they were also advocating for at some point and so it's
a very curious way that this narrative is played out because remember the point
is is that they dragged it out for four years ladies and gentlemen four full
years have expired this is three full years ago and so we're supposed to have
woken up since then we're supposed to have figured a lot out since then but it
doesn't really seem like we have because all of these people who got it
wrong who have exaggerated or overstated what happened in order to fulfill the
role they're in in order to to do what they needed to do to say what they were
told to say millions of people transfected themselves thousands of people
took themselves to the hospital after a positive test and got themselves on
Remdesivir because they didn't know better because these people didn't know
better including myself right behind my head here we're all responsible for
perpetuating this worst case scenario this idea that there was a gain of
function virus and so I don't know maybe JC on a bike maybe JC on a bike is
really healthy but I'm not really healthy so I'm pretty scared that's what I did
JC on a bike rides his bike to and from work to a medical school every day
probably eats really well lives in the woods I don't have any of those advantages
maybe I need the transfection that's what I did I made absolutely a year's worth
of mistakes but those mistakes were the result of other people around me all of
these people that were in contact with me behind the scenes talking to me behind
the scenes trying to convince me that I was wrong about natural immunity I was
wrong about previous immunity to previous coronavirus I was wrong about T cell
immunity to the RNA dependent RNA polymerase is most conserved epitopes I
was wrong about all that stuff that's crazy man I don't know those that sounds
pretty complicated I'm pretty scared of the spike protein but the spike protein
is so I was convinced by other people that I was wrong people came to my house
to convince me I was wrong and so I became confused and afraid that maybe I
gave the wrong advice to people maybe I'd put people in danger maybe I didn't
know what I was talking about why would so many prominent people call me and
tell me I didn't know what I was talking about if I didn't know what I was
talking about I'm just I'm just a reader we are four years into this bad idea
stuff here ladies and gentlemen I've met them all they've talked to me offline
all of them on my phone on signal and a lot of these people are responsible for
me not figuring it out earlier for not getting to where I am now much earlier
and Brett Weinstein is a big one of those Yuri Dagan is another one of those
everybody in drastic was one of those people that kept me on the lie on the
hook for the whole first year and then sucked me back in again when the
diffuse proposal was debated and debated and debated I tried to ignore it gosh
did I try to ignore it and so he seated the Scooby-Doo by having Yuri
Dagan on his stream I seeded the Scooby-Doo by reviewing Yuri Dagan's paper and
getting it published I seeded the Scooby-Doo by by reviewing Dan's paper
Dan Saratkin's paper and Carl Saratkin's paper and getting that paper published
I seeded the Scooby-Doo by reviewing Mona's paper and getting the paper about
the Mo Young miners in 2012 getting that paper published and I did it
enthusiastically because I thought I was getting the truth out because people had
convinced me that this was the mystery to solve where did this virus come from
who's responsible for it did they make it I think they did was it serial
passage and ferrets that's how they got us ladies and gentlemen and that's my
unique perspective that's the reason why I can be so helpful because I can show
you how dumb I was how taken I was and I was taken
ladies and gentlemen these people took us it wasn't an accident it wasn't a
it wasn't just a serendipitous oops I guess I got that part wrong oh man it
was my commitment to masks a little too good oh shoot should I have not
buckled down on lockdown should I have said that kids should go back to school
earlier these aren't mistakes ladies and gentlemen they're not innocent
mistakes being made by somebody who just happens to have a platform these are
mistakes being made by someone who's given a platform put there on purpose to
make sure that the limited spectrum of debate could be established that debate
being was this was a lab leak or a natural virus which would then make
everybody accept which would make everybody accept that there was a
pandemic virus circulating around the globe right now as we speak is only
question of where did it come from they did this to us and that's why in the
last podcast him and Heather we're so sadly almost pathetically begging for
for some I don't know remittance please stop bothering us we didn't do
anything wrong you guys are jealous we just have a bigger platform than you and
it's not our fault we put ourselves on the line a long time ago it was kind of
sad actually and what's sad about it is is they don't understand they don't
understand that those two years that they want to ignore 2020 and 2021 are
when hundreds of thousands of people took the shot and thousands of people
died in our hospitals of protocols that were inappropriate for true their
treatment and these people still ignore those that math they still ignore that
math they still ignore those those ciphers that they don't want to tally
that up they don't want to subtract that from all cause mortality they don't
actually want to know what Denny has to say they just want that one figure that
seventeen million figure from the shots because they don't want to question the
novel virus let's watch this video and you can see what I mean we're gonna
start here at the lab leak hypothesis but notice that there are as an
introduction and then why biology is beautiful the why biology beautiful part
is well he tries really hard to convince you that he was a biologist since he was
a little kid but I don't think he's as convincing as I've heard other people
anyway then Boston dynamics and robots being self-critical it's you know
that's a little bit like forced and I don't want to put you through all of that
because that's like 23 minutes I'm gonna go past the theory of close calls as
well because it's a little bit vague and again you know I don't want to listen to
too much of this I just want you to hear the lab leak hypothesis part and then
maybe Joe Rogan and censorship I'm not sure but let's just listen to the lab
leak part and we'll see where we get what percent probability would you
currently place okay so by the way this is June 25th 2021 and he had Robert Malone
and and Steve Kersch on his podcast on June 11th so this is exactly two weeks
later on the Lex Friedman podcast lab leak hypothesis here we go Brett Weinstein
the hypothesis that COVID-19 leak from the Wuhan Institute of virology so I
maintain a flowchart of all the possible explanations and it doesn't break down
exactly that way the likelihood that it emerged from a lab is very very high if
it emerged from a lab the likelihood that the lab was the Wuhan Institute is
very very high the there are multiple different kinds of evidence that point
to the lab and there are is literally no evidence that points to nature either
the evidence points nowhere or it points to the lab and the lab could mean any
lab but geographically obviously the labs in Wuhan are the most likely and the
lab that was most directly involved with research on viruses that look like
COVID that looked like SARS-CoV-2 is obviously the place that one would start
but I would say the likelihood that this virus came from a lab is well above 95 percent
we can talk about the question of could a virus have been brought into the lab
and escaped from there without being modified that's also possible but it
doesn't explain any of the anomalies in the genome of SARS-CoV-2 could it have
been delivered from another lab could Wuhan be a distraction in order that we
would connect the dots in the wrong way that's conceivable I currently have that
below one percent on my flowchart but I think very dark thought that somebody
would would do that almost as a a political attack on China well it depends
I don't even think that's one possibility sometimes when Eric and I talk about
these issues we will generate a scenario just to prove that something could could
live in that space right it's a placeholder for whatever may actually
have happened and so it doesn't have to have been an attack on China that's
certainly one possibility but I would point out if you can predict the future
in some unusual way better than others you can print money right that's what
markets that allow you to bet for or against virtually any sector allow you
to do so you can imagine a simply a moral person or entity generating a
pandemic attempting to cover their tracks because it would allow them to bet
against things like you know cruise ships air travel whatever it is and bet
in favor of I don't know sanitizing gel and whatever else you would do so am I
saying that I think somebody did that no I really don't think it happened we've
seen zero evidence that this was intentionally released however were it to
have been intentionally released by somebody who did not know did not want
it known where it had come from releasing it in Wuhan would be one way to
cover their tracks so we have to leave the possibility formally open but
acknowledge there's no evidence so and the probability therefore as well I tend
to believe maybe this is the optimistic nature that I have that people who are
competent enough to do the kind of thing we just described are not going to do
that because it requires a certain kind of I don't want to use the word evil
but whatever word you want to use to describe the kind of this regard for
human life required to do that you're just that's it's just not going to be
coupled with competence I feel like there's a trade-off chart where
competence on one axis and evil is on the other and the more evil you become
the crappier you are at doing great engineering scientific work required to
deliver weapons of different kinds whether it's bio weapons or nuclear weapons all
those kinds of things that seems to be the lessons I take from history but that
doesn't necessarily mean that's what's going to be happening in the future but
to stick on the lab leak idea because the flow chart is probably huge here because
there's a lot of fascinating possibilities one question I want to ask is what
of course I hope you don't think that I think that he's a some kind of MIT AI
professor right I mean it also plays guitar in his car and stuff like that
like this is a this is also some kind of elaborate hoax I don't know what he is
but you know if if it's if they're related somehow they're they're
related through this same social media network of bros with shows and this
this this guy schtick really never convinced me from the very very
beginning I thought it was it was baloney I mean he ticks all the boxes
right he's jujitsu and guitar and AI and MIT and it's like okay okay okay I give
up you know chess master whatever else that's great I mean you know none of us
can match up to this guy so that's great and then give him a really great
podcast and have all these guys come on it and totally legitimize him by having
Joe Rogan give him a watch live on team on stream I mean it's just it's all it's
all part of the same show these people have been elevated to be able to orchestrate
the thought of all these different demographics that overlap on the
internet and and bros with shows is the best way to describe what these people
do with evidence for natural origins look like so one piece of evidence for
natural origins is that it's happened in the past okay so remember what's
happening here right remember what's happening here what are we doing what
are we doing we are establishing this we are establishing this worst case
scenario right that's what they're talking about here that's what they're
talking about here they're talking about worst case scenario and trying to
establish the consensus that oh my gosh I mean if they were fooling around with
a virus in a laboratory we could really be in big trouble that's what they're
that's what they're doing here be keenly aware of that and that was the magic
of what happened here that was the magic of what was done to us because when we
watched this in real time we were trying to keep up to not because either of
these two guys is a is a is a conversational genius but because we were
trying to figure out the mystery we were trying to solve the mystery that
these guys were framing as a limited spectrum of debate and then having a
well maybe not lively this discussion but other people were having lively
discussions about it that that viruses have jumped oh they do jump they so like
that's one like that's possible to have happened you know so that that's a sort
of like a historical evidence like okay well it's possible that it have it's
not it's not evidence of the kind you think it is it's a justification for a
presumption right right so the presumption upon discovering a new
virus circulating is certainly that it came from nature right the problem is
the presumption evaporates in the face of evidence or at least it logically
should and it didn't in this case it was maintained by people who privately
in their emails acknowledge that they had grave doubts about the natural
origin of of this virus is there some other piece of evidence that we could
look for and see that would say this increases the probability it is natural
origins yeah in fact there is evidence you know I always worry that somebody is
going to make up some evidence in order to reverse the flow boy well let's say
I am a lot of incentive for that actually there's a huge amount of incentive on
the up so there's a huge amount of incentive to make up information about
a natural virus imagine how amazing it is to say this out loud without laughing
that there isn't there isn't and much much much much greater incentive you
just described all these people who were interested in in profiting from a
pandemic so is the is the idea to create fake evidence of a natural pandemic to
cover up a manufactured one is that what he thinks is the most likely idea
instead of just faking a manufactured one and making fake evidence for
manufactured one you know like a diffuse proposal that never got funded and
never it was it just happened to be on a on a server somewhere that some guy
found and then released in a couple different places and Veritas covered
it and now it's uh it's uh evidence of a lab leak because obviously they did
this experiments I mean they got me to say that they came to my house and got me
to say that live on my own stream that oftentimes grant proposals are written
with the idea that the knowledge that some of these experiments have already
been done the pilot experiments have already confirmed that they need to do
more of these experiments and there will be a significant result and so in theory
if you have a a grant proposal with experiments in it wouldn't be crazy if
some of those experiments had already been done some of the preliminary methodologies
already set in motion so I said that on my stream and I got quoted in Bobby's
book the stream where somebody came to my house from drastic and made me
encouraged me to come back on side and keep fighting for the origin story
rather than against the transfections
ladies and gentlemen I want to tell this story because I want it to be a beacon
of hope for people to see that it's never too late to say oh my gosh I can't
believe I went along with this it's never too late to admit that you really got
it wrong from the beginning and you should have never been pushing the worst
case scenario and if you were saying that it was a lab leak you should have
been saying that that doesn't matter because whatever this RNA pathogen is we
have previous immunity that's relevant to it it's not a novel never before seen
everybody's vulnerable situation like they said it was like Brett is still
saying it is when we have a novel pathogen we have to assume that it came
from nature there are novel pathogens there are novel RNA pathogens for which
we have no immunity is what Brett believes make sure you hear that because
it wasn't just masks that he got wrong it wasn't just lockdowns that he got
wrong it's fundamental biology that he got wrong fundamental immunology that he
got wrong and like many many many many of us the fundamental virology because
you assume that the cartoon that you were given is real you assume that well I
mean I've worked with the denoviruses before so I know that
transfection works so why can't there be coronaviruses in the wild I guess
there are they have nature papers about them takes a long time to break free
ladies and gentlemen their hand why everybody's got a cloud their way the
powers that lied to us about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq why didn't they
ever fake weapons of mass destruction interact whatever force it is I hope
that forces here too and so whatever evidence we find is real it's it's the
competence thing I'm talking about but okay go ahead sorry well we can get back
to that but I would say yeah that the the giant piece of evidence that will
shift the probabilities in the other direction is the discovery of either a
human population in which the virus circulated prior to showing up in Wuhan
that would explain where the virus learned all of the tricks that it knew
instantly upon spreading from Wuhan so that would do it or an animal population
in which an ancestor epidemic can be found in which the virus learned this
before jumping to humans but I point out in that second case you would certainly
expect to see a great deal of evolution in the early epidemic which we don't
and so we didn't see that indeed there was a paper a preprint by Alina Chan
that came out in April of 2020 that I covered on my bike a couple different
times exclaiming that this was extraordinary that the virus wasn't
changing at all the same sequence kept being found everywhere reported
everywhere with very few changes which didn't really make complete sense to me
at the time but I knew it was wrong and then Alina Chan's paper came out and
it showed that every time they sequenced the first SARS virus during that leak
or whatever it was there were 50 or 60 amino acids on average that were
different and in these sequences a total of 10 changed over six months where it
was per patient 10 to 12 amino acids 50 amino acids changed in six months or
something crazy like that you have to go back and see your paper which is
never really been published it's always remained a preprint which is also odd
while she is now a broad Institute research fellow with a semi-permanent
position working on artificial chromosomes selling books about the
lab leak let's continue let's see so there almost has to be a human population
somewhere else that had the virus circulating or an ancestor of the virus
that we first saw in Wuhan circulating and it has to have gotten very
sophisticated in that prior epidemic before hitting Wuhan in order to
explain the total lack of evolution and extremely effective virus that emerged
at the end of 2019 so you don't believe in the magic of evolution to spring up
with all the tricks already there like everybody who doesn't have the tricks
they die quickly and then you just have this beautiful virus that comes in with
spike protein see now the problem with it again is that these guys are not
engaging their imagination in a sufficiently sophisticated way and
it's especially disappointing for somebody like Brett who claims in this same
interview earlier that he's been a biologist since he was a kid but
apparently his appreciation for the complexity of life
is not really that deep
it's extraordinary when you think about the idea that an RNA molecule curled
around some proteins and wrapped in a lipoprotein coat
is capable of going through an evolutionary process where selective
pressure is acting in such a way to craft an ever better
virus it's an extraordinary hypothesis that has
no basis in reality at all especially in the idea that this RNA molecule is
capable of hijacking our cells machinery to make more viruses as if
cells don't already make things like viruses and otherwise this wouldn't even
be possible
and so intracellular communication is completely discarded even though they
know they should know that exosomes is a whole field of investigation
they're involved in cancer and in in transplant research and all kinds of
other things that's very likely what lipkin was
working on so all of these threads are alive and well
at this time as well this time is june 25th 2021
june 25th 2021 it's like two and a half three and a half
year two and a half years ago yeah
when lots of people still could have been saved but we're not even close to
coming to say that transfections should not be used
on college age kids here we're not going to say that in this
interview we're going to keep scaring people about the worst case scenario
talking about the worst case scenario which is
again a function viral lab leak it's the mythology they want our children to
grow up with and accept and the through mutation
and selection just do like the ones that succeed
and succeed big are the ones that are going to just spring into life with the
tricks listen to how unsophisticated and
ridiculous his ideas of evolution are what
mechanisms are possessed by a lipoprotein coated RNA molecule
that allow rapid evolution sudden emergence
of new forms what is he talking about
i don't think he's very smart
uh i'm actually not i'm actually surprised at how bad this is going
well no that's that's called a hopeful monster
and hopeful monsters don't work it's to the job of
becoming a new pandemic virus is too difficult he laughed at two very
difficult steps and they both have to work one is the ability to infect a
person and spread in their tissues uh sufficient to make an infection
and the other is to jump between individuals at a sufficient rate that it
doesn't go extinct for one reason or another
those are both very difficult jobs they require as you describe
selection and the point is selection would leave a mark we would see
evidence that it was in animals or humans we would see both
right and we see this evolution interest of uh
of the virus gathering the tricks up yeah you would see the virus
you would see the clumsy virus get better and better and yes i am a full
believer in the power of that process in fact i believe it
what i know from studying the process is that it is
much more powerful than most people imagine that what we teach
in the evolution 101 textbook is too clumsy a process to do what we see it
doing and that actually people should increase their expectation
of the rapidity with which that process can produce
um just jaw-dropping adaptations and so he's actually suggesting that
random evolution is the primary mover of life
it can't be any other thing that explains how these things happen it's
just miraculous how this simple mechanism explains
everything and i don't believe that for a second
there are very complicated mechanisms of evolution at play that include
endogenous viral exchange of genes
hulkai i mean it in the list is endless it's not random mutation
and selection for random mutations it's much more complicated than that
it's epigenetics it's all kinds of things that he's not even remotely
capable of integrating into his very very tiny
and simple version of evolution and it's a very macro idea
he hasn't done any of the the legwork necessary to bring evolution down to
the level of a molecule wrapped in lipoprotein
and and to try and abstract from that what is possible at this
size scale and at this sophistication level what is possible and what isn't
he hasn't even recognized that there has to be a limitation as to how much
evolution can occur in a system purported to be
dependent on an RNA dependent RNA polymerase that makes an error every
10,000 bases copying a genome that's supposed to be 30,000
bases long making incomplete copies of that genome
hundreds of thousands of times more often than making a full copy successful
from beginning to end and yet somehow or another producing
a output which is sufficiently accessible
by environmental pressures to evolve
these are the kinds of things that Brett Weinstein doesn't talk about these are
the kinds of complex issues that Brett Weinstein doesn't talk about i got no
notes in front of me i'm just trying to illustrate how
unsophisticated of a biologist this guy is how
much of a snake oil salesman he is and how you can know for sure
that he is part of team worst case scenario he's not an innocent bystander
just bumbling around saying the wrong things that just happened to help all
of the weaponized piles of money that are trying to enslave our children
that said we just don't see evidence that it happened here which doesn't
mean it doesn't exist but it means in spite of immense pressure to find
it somewhere there's been no hint which probably means it took place
inside of a laboratory so inside the laboratory
gain a function research on viruses and i believe
most of that kind of research is doing this exact thing that you're
referring to which is accelerated evolution and just watching evolution
do its thing and a bunch of viruses and seeing what kind of tricks get
developed the other method see now that doesn't happen with RNA
viruses you can't do that with RNA viruses because
by definition as they replicate they become less and less replication
competent and they fizzle out that's why you can't culture
this whole notion that they are cultured and sustained indefinitely so that they
can be sent around the world and everlasting samples
and sold or given away or whatever is is all a sham
a DNA clone is made and then RNA is generated from that DNA clone that's why
they can do all these things that's how they store all these things they don't
store the RNA you think they could just freeze it
unfreeze it a bunch of times and store it in that way all the time
and then send it around the world and they would still have sars or banny if
they were storing it in an RNA form
you can't store RNA at minus 80 for 10 years with freeze
thaw cycles but you can do it with DNA
come on guys we got to wake up and apologize to the people that killed
that got killed apologize to the people that died apologize to the people that
lost loved ones for not being able to articulate this
earlier
is engineering viruses so manually adding on the tricks
what which do you think we should be thinking about here
so mind you i learned what i know in the aftermath of this pandemic
emerging i started studying the question you know i would say
based on the content of the genome and other evidence in publications from
the various labs that were involved in in uh
generating this technology a couple of things seem likely
this sars covid 2 does not appear to be entirely the result of
either a splicing process or serial passaging it it appears to have both
uh things in its past or it's at least highly likely that it does
so for example the fur and cleavage site looks very much like it
was added in to the virus and it was known that that would increase its
infectivity in humans and increase its tropism
the uh rixie actually said over and over and over again in 2020 and 2021
that the fur and cleavage site made it the most
transmissible and infectious virus in history
the most transmissible and infectious virus in history
its team worst case scenario they were set up to make sure everyone thought
that it was from a lab that we solved the mystery
and claimed victory and blamed the people that the scooby-doo narrative
unmasked for us that these caped crusaders would
unmasked for us people like tony fauci and peter day sack
and ralph barrack
it couldn't have been china think about how many of these people say it
couldn't have been china it might have been an attack on china but it couldn't
have been china
was china not aware that we had this crazy
WHO plan was china not aware that the entire western world was set up to
genuflect to the who should a pandemic be declared
china wasn't aware that we were trying to get ready to
to to shift over to transfection and that maybe our
we were we were a little too aggressive too too ready to do it
so china couldn't have faked something to make us
double guess what was going on to panic
it couldn't have been china it had to have been people in the united states
how are people like robert malone and
bret wine steve and steve curse so convinced that china has nothing to do
with this i don't know if china had anything to do with it but i find it
pretty impressive how certain they are
the
virus appears to be excellent at spreading
in humans and minks and ferrets
and minks and ferrets are very closely related to each other and ferrets are
very likely to have been used in a serial passage experiment
the reason being that they have an ace-two receptor that looks very much like
the human ace-two receptor and so
were you going to passage the virus or its ancestor
through an animal in order to increase its infectivity in humans which would
have been necessary ferrets would have been very likely
it is also quite likely that humanized mice were
utilized humanized mice was something that was so
prevalent in these two years and it's so annoying because there's only one
paper in all this w i v history where they used humanized
mice for one experiment in the paper and they didn't enrich
the virus on humanized mice they just used humanized mice to
see if it could use the human ace-two receptor
so they're getting two things mixed up here again why are they getting these
two things mixed up here because they want to
because that's the idea they're trying to confuse you about the difference
between pandemic potential and the potential
to use a natural virus that you find in a
a bad cave and use animal uh animal passage or
or a cell culture to enrich two pandemic potential
and these two things right here have never actually been proven the
the ferrets you know aerosolizing the flu thing that was a pretty
showy paper that didn't really demonstrate that they did what they did
there's no specific sequence before and after the enrichment
and then a definitive dissection of the part of the virus that made it
aerosolizable
or what made it aerosolizable was the charges of the of the proteins on the
outside of the size of them or something there was nothing there in that
2011 and 2012 paper of aerosolizing avian flu or it just wasn't there
but ferrets were purported to be used and he also said that the fear and cleavage
site seems to be of added so stitched in
later on we would find that there are potential endonuclease sites which
also indicate stitching or perhaps a clone
and if the endonuclease sites indicate a clone then now we have all the evidence
that we need that it was a laboratory produced
RNA that was distributed around the world to be
indicative of the signal that could be misconstrued as a pandemic but none of
these things can produce a pandemic because that's not the way RNA works
but they needed people like Lex and Brett Weinstein and others
to have intellectual limited spectrum of debate conversations
about these things to make it seem logical that huh
I guess gain a function does happen I guess they do do it I guess it could be
I guess it could be I guess he knows more than I do
wow that's really interesting
so the environment that makes and ferrets are very closely related to
each other and ferrets are very likely to have been used in a
serial passage experiment the reason being that they have an ACE2 receptor
that looks very much like the human ACE2 receptor and so
were you going to passage the virus or its ancestor
through an animal in order to increase its infectivity in humans which would
have been necessary ferrets would have been very likely
it is also quite likely that humanized mice were
utilized and it is possible that human airway tissue
was utilized I think it is vital that we find out
what the protocols were if this came from the Wuhan Institute
we need to know it and we need to know what the protocols were
exactly because they will actually give us some tools that would be useful
in fighting SARS-CoV-2 and hopefully driving
into extinction which ought to be our priority
it's a priority that does not it is not apparent from our behavior
but it John Stewart did his rant about Wuhan
on Colbert a week before this podcast think about how extraordinary this is
ladies and gentlemen thank you very much for that fun fact
because again the Scooby-Doo narrative was seated
they had a team of people they had maybe many teams
of people maybe teams in different countries in different languages
all of whom were coached very specifically what to say and not to say
enticed encouraged
tipped off given some special information
remdesivir might work you'll be a hero if you tell everybody
ivermectin also it might work you'll be a hero if you tell everybody
lots of different ways that egos can be massaged
the comfort can be offered i was offered a day trading scheme
among many other things
unbelievable these people really is it should be our objective if we
understood where our interests lie we would be much more
focused on it but those protocols would tell us a great deal
if it wasn't the Wuhan Institute we need to know that
if it was nature we need to know that and if it was some other laboratory we
need to figure out who what and where so that we can
determine what is what we can determine about about what was done
you're opening up my mind about why we should
investigate why we should know the truth of the origins of this virus
so you're opening my mind about why we should investigate and learn the truth
about the origins of the virus does that sound like
doesn't that sound a little bit like a scooby-doo to you
i'm starting to understand why we need to solve the mystery
thanks Brett you're really starting to convince me and my
viewers that we really need to solve this mystery
so for me personally let me just tell the story of my own kind of journey
when i first started looking into the lab leak hypothesis
what became terrifying to me and important to understand and obvious
is the sort of like Sam Harris way of thinking
which is it's obvious that a lab leak of a deadly virus will eventually happen
my mind was it doesn't even matter so is he referring to Brett's
eighth podcast where Sam Harris says that when a pandemic
eventually happens with 75 mortality we won't be able to tolerate
anti-vaxxers is he referring to that
is it that much of a tight enchantment
do they expect you to be watching all these things i think they do
i think that's who he's talking to i think that's how
magnificent this is how scripted it is
how dumb they think we are if it happened in this case
it's obvious there's going to be happening in the future
so why the hell are we're not freaking out about this
and COVID-19 is not even that deadly relative to the possible future viruses
it's this the way i disagree with Sam on this but he thinks about this way about
AGI as well about artificial intelligence it's a different
oh artificial intelligence is also a danger to the entire world
wow interesting what an interesting phenomenon and what an interesting
perspective to take what an interesting idea to
seed
print discussion i think but with viruses it seems like something that could
happen on the scale of years maybe a few decades
AGI is a little bit farther out from me but it seemed the terrifying thing
seemed obvious that this will happen very soon
for a much deadlier virus as we get better and better
at both engineering viruses and doing this kind of evolutionary
driven research gain and functional research
so they're getting better and better at it it's getting cheaper and cheaper
it's becoming easier and easier soon and a high school biology teacher
is going to be doing this on the bench with high school students
and then just flushing it down the sink that's how easy this is that's how
cheap it's going to be
AI is also going to become cheaper
and AI is going to be more accessible and more powerful as it evolves
we're going to have to surrender to that too
okay but then you started speaking out about this as well but also started
to say no no we should hurry up and figure out the origins now
because it will help us figure out how to actually
respond to this particular virus how to treat this particular virus
what is in terms of vaccines in terms of antiviral drugs in terms of
just and although the the the number of responses we should have
okay again this is a novel virus so we need to know where it came from so that
we can figure out what to do with it because we don't know we have no idea
we have no concept of what to do so this is part of the worst case scenario as
well because the worst case scenario requires all previous strategies to be
hopeless and useless and pointless because it's novel
again the illusion of consensus that's being laid down here
in June 25th 2021 these people wittingly or unwittingly are responsible for
the deaths of thousands
they are responsible for confusing millions of people around the world
and because these videos are still watched they're still responsible for
confusing millions of people around the world
to make sure that fear uncertainty and doubt is the rule
and so that this mythology will be what our children pass on to their grandchildren
and these people are responsible they are not playing on our team ladies and
gentlemen
i still am much more freaking out about the future
maybe you can break that apart a little bit
which are you most focused on now which are you most freaking out about now in
terms of the importance of figuring out the origins of this virus
i am most freaking out about both of them because they're both really
important and you know we can put bounds on this
let me say first that this is a perfect test case for the theory of close calls
because as much as covid is a disaster it is also a close call from which we
can learn much you are absolutely right if we keep
playing this game in the lab it's not very indifferent not
unlike what paul katrel says you know that it was a red dragon event
that we can learn from it the next time it's going to be worse it's all
again laying down well if this wasn't the worst case scenario we were lucky
and next time it with this just underscores the potential is there
so don't you see how important it is that the worst case scenario still is
a potential it doesn't need to be met here
if it's not met now during these circumstances in new york
the jessica hockett is identified as no evidence of spread
that people have identified as no evidence of spread in
italy and other places these signals according to bret weinstein at this
time were the way that they were because of lockdown
because of the strict measures that were taken
and he he is responsible for telling that story
telling the story that the lack of that that that covered up
the lack of evidence of spread that covered up the malfeasance that were
the protocols that were in new york
because at that time he had a platform he was waxing intellectual about what
was going on and this is how he was waxing intellectual about it
lab leak worst case scenario we don't know what's going on
and so all bets are off i'm wearing a bandana and glasses good for you guys
and he wants to take no responsibility for that he wants you to forget
that the reason why all the teachers in pennsylvania that watched his podcast
were not at all worried that maybe those kids need to be in school
maybe we're making a big mistake here
maybe we should be better leaders as adults
and use common sense and advocate for the sacred biology that i was raised
with in the common sense that my grandma raised me with no
because of influencers like him because we were trapped at home
and because it wasn't just him but it was lots of other people
on every social media platform by design pushing the worst case scenario the
the possibility it's just the possibility
if it wasn't this time it will be next time
as we get ever better at making these things and it becomes cheaper as Lex
said don't you hear it
they want you to tell this story to your kid they want you to explain it to your
kid and we win when we don't we win when we explain away
these lies if we are not if we are especially if we do it under pressure
and when we are told that a virus is going to leap from nature
any day and that the more we know the better we'll be able to fight it we're
going to create going to leap if we are especially if we do it under pressure
and when we are told that a virus is going to leap from nature
any day and that the more we know the better we'll be able to fight it we're
going to create the disaster all the sooner
so yes that should be an absolute focus the fact that there were people saying
that this was dangerous back in 2015
otto tell us something the fact that the system bypassed a ban and
offshored the work to china otto tell us this is not a chinese failure this is
a failure of something larger and harder to see
but i also think that there's a there's a
clock ticking with respect to SARS-CoV-2 and COVID the disease that it creates
and that has to do with whether or not we are stuck with it permanently
so if you think about the cost to humanity of being stuck with influenza
it's an immense cost year after year and we just stop thinking about it because
it's there some years you get the flu most years you don't
maybe you get the vaccine to prevent it maybe the vaccine isn't particularly
well targeted but imagine just simply doubling that cost
imagine we get stuck with SARS-CoV-2 and its descendants
going forward and that it just settles in and becomes a fact of
modern human life that would be a disaster so is he
is he seeding a narrative about a novel virus that leaked from a
laboratory and became endemic that we had to have countermeasures
and new protocols and new behavior forever
was he seeding a narrative of a laboratory leaked gain a function
virus that inadvertently because we didn't react in time or with strong
enough stringent enough measures became endemic but it was a potential
situation we could have avoided
do you hear what i'm hearing i hear worst case scenario
and i hear worst case scenario being hyped up as an opportunity to avoid if
we would just get our heads out
ladies and gentlemen this is not a man making honest mistakes trying to guide
his viewers and those people that listen to Lex's podcast
safely through the dark cave of the pandemic
this is a man who is being paid comfort and fame and promises of
membership in some club to serve the purpose of crafting this limited
spectrum debate that i call the scooby-doo
solving the lab leak narrative has made everybody believe that there's an
ongoing pandemic and that has trapped our children in believing
that these things were all necessary that all these
adults were doing the right thing
we have to dispel these lies ladies and gentlemen and we don't have that much
time to do it
we don't have that much time to do it
we don't have that much time to do it ladies and gentlemen
oh i have that the wrong slide sorry
um we don't have that much time to do it
these books are all out there the mythology is well documented
the stories are well documented the quotes are well documented people's
claims are well documented
and so we've got big big work to do but there's a little tricks inside of this
book there's little pieces inside of this book that we can use
it's not perfect i can't claim perfection i didn't
i wasn't able to convince robert f Kennedy jr that there was no pandemic
that rna can't do it i wasn't able to convince him
i i got a chance to pitch it once in an email
and then i got seven and a half minutes to try and hastily explain it
on a podcast with him and then he gave the floor to robert melone for 35
minutes and then to maryll nass for 10 more minutes
and then to jessica rose for five minutes and then to test lorry for five more
minutes
what was going to be a podcast of me presenting to bobby turned out to be a
presentation me giving an elevator pitch to robert melone and maryll nass and
jessica rose and test lorry and so exploring the idea of what a clone
was and how it could be used in the many different ways that it could be used
either a spike protein alone a protein alone or a whole complement of proteins
including an RNA dependent RNA polymerase
but we know and we know how long we've been saying it we know what the
reaction of all these people was
we know what the reaction of all these people was
it's the biology that everybody ignores the only one that's ever used the word
infectious clone is david martin and he's been using it for
replication
defective infectious clone and he uses it in a way to imply that because they
can engineer replication defective infectious clones
then there are replication competent infectious clones ones that can pandemic
and go bananas and that a replication defective clone could
revert to replication competent and so pandemic potential is reinforced
in david martin's story about infectious clones where as in my story of infectious
clones infectious clones are a way of overcoming
limitations of RNA replication and the sort of shadowy
non high fidelity nature of RNA replication
and for some reason after years almost two years of explaining it all these
people just seem to ignore it much in the same way that they ignore
the fact that john bodewin and and and uh then he ran core
and jessica hocket and jonathan angler have all found pretty strong evidence for
no evidence of spread pretty strong evidence of mass casualty events being
misconstrued as the original seeding event of
what should have been spread but wasn't
and so just like all these people go to as far as romania
in order to curate this narrative it's the same people
it's the same people who are curating this worst case scenario narrative and
making sure that as little as three days ago robert melone said
this is a laboratory leak
and try as i might i can't seem to get denny rancor to complain at all about
any of the people that he had breakfast with in romania despite the fact that
none of them seem to be able to tweet or to state out loud that there's no
evidence of spread i don't care if denny says it in
a million interviews i don't care if denny says it on
alex jones what's important is that this guy doesn't say it
to his million followers what's important is this guy doesn't say it to his
million followers what's important is this woman doesn't say it to her million
followers
none of them say it even though they all met denny they all saw his
impressive they all did a sub stack but they all don't say it they keep not
saying it and when brett was on tucker he didn't say it either
he said 17 million people were killed by the shot
but he didn't say 500 000 people were killed by opioids in the last two and
a half years
and that that might be a confounding factor in all this excess death we
don't really know what's going on no no no all kinds of certainty
here
in 2020 and 2021 there's nothing to see there according to all these people
because they don't want to do this math they don't want to talk about there's
being zero epidemiological evidence of spread because of this math
they don't want you to talk about the huge medicare costs that were avoided
they don't want to talk about strict liability for all of these pharmaceutical
products they don't use the words they don't want to talk about how the vicp
and the cicp are actually fundamental violations
of your seventh amendment right in that we could just throw a million
you know 50 cases in every state single cases of vaccine injury
only one of them has to get to a federal circuit and only one federal circuit
has to say oh you're right it's a violation of your seventh
amendment ability to sue for damages that's a pretty dumb law we should get
rid of that law boom there goes struck but nobody's
using that strategy nobody's using that strategy
everybody's using the administrative kangaroo court that pays for claims that
aren't even valid all hours are paid even when you lose
so what lawyer is not going to do that that's the best deal in law
and all the people that are using that right now don't talk about strict
liability at all they don't use the words and they don't talk about
seventh amendment being a possible way of attacking it they just don't
now that is interesting because you know it could be
lawyers can see it as a violation because
or not a violation but a conflict of interest because they know that they
can get more money for their client they might be able to serve their
client better if they use the cicp or the vicp
then if they went the seventh amendment way and then the case got dismissed they
would get nothing
and so it's very easy to see a poor family with medical bills wants to get
some money doesn't want to pay any lawyers to do it
and a lawyer gets paid if he goes that way well then you know there it is
the system is set up for this never to happen and everybody that gets
elevated and it's going anywhere isn't letting it happen
either you could at least talk about it
so we know how it was done it's a teamwork case scenario
and a strict sort of rule on what you can talk about it what you can't talk
about it so that the virus spike protein and
transfection could be confounded
and so that our children will be trapped in this new world order forever
once the lie becomes truth they will be right one more
one more college season maybe
one more year where they bring back the masks and the kids comply
is it right now is it this year that they're going to fundamentally destroy
the fabric of america based on the fault line that they've dug so deep
is that the reason why the pandemic scooby-doo laid right on red and blue
raid laid right on fox news and msnbc fault lines i think so
and so we need to work on amend making amends with our neighbors and our
friends and our family we need to close these gaps before they are exploited
and they will be exploited because this is the plan to the lie to become truth
for our kids to get on this train where vaccination is magic and it's the greatest
thing since buttered bread where novel viruses can jump just like bryer
just like you heard Brett say to Lex of course they could jump they do it all the time
a symptomatic spread is real and gain a function research is too we can't let them
get on this train ladies and gentlemen we cannot let them get on this train
you got to get our kids off this train right now
i was going to do that but i think i'm just going to do this one really quick and then
we're out that's it i guess i'm only skipping three slides
so this is where we are right ladies and gentlemen we are in year five of an ongoing
RNA viral pandemic and we need to crack this biology RNA cannot do that
the no-virus people were correct the RNA cannot do that
we need to secede that we need to seed that to those people like Steph and Lanka
we need them back in the forefront of talking about this stuff so that we can start to push
this ball forward this faith in a novel virus has to be broken and then once we break this one
we can start working on the rest of the vaccine schedule as an illusion especially the vaccine
schedule in America the one that nobody talks about ladies and gentlemen we need to do it we
need to do it now the faith is is an illusion it's a background signal at best at best it's a
background signal at worst it's all lies probably somewhere in between but we need to call for
a pause on the childhood vaccination schedule we need to call for strict liability and all
pharmaceutical products we need to investigate this as an orchestrated mass casualty event
theater being misconstrued as evidence of a pandemic we need to investigate the possibility
that transfection was used to see the molecular signal we need to take back sovereignty over
our bodies and those of our children and we need to get out of the who get rid of the cdc
get out of the un for now i think at least out of the seat out of the who and get rid of our cdc
as it stands how to see the medlers they won't talk about childhood vaccinations at all
they won't talk about strict liability they won't talk about the deadly protocols no one's
talking about them still including Brett Brett won't apologize for not speaking out against
remdesivir Brett won't apologize for not speaking out sooner against transfection Brett's not gonna
apologize for any of that stuff to do with masks and lockdowns and the developmental damage
that kids were done the young kids that had to wear masks because he thought it was a great idea
just like just like Stephen Hatfield thought it was a great idea to lock down and put masks on
kids so did Brett Weinstein they don't use the words clone or transfection to explain anything
they attack people instead of ideas and so they didn't talk about any of the ideas that we're
talking about they just talked about themselves and about their suffering and their perceived
censorship and they refuse to summarize across the entire show and you can see that very clearly
in that Lex Friedman interview where he says the boy i've always been very scared that they're
gonna manufacture evidence about a natural virus now why would they need to do that if viruses
exist and there's 1.7 million viruses waiting to jump why would they need to manufacture
evidence about a natural viral zoonosis why would there be so much incentive for them to fake that
and no incentive for them to fake the bioweapon no incentive to fake the bioweapon lab leak
it's an elaborate psychological operation
that features winning and unwitting participants that have been acting out an elaborate Scooby-Doo
mystery solving event where they argued and debated with an unlimited spectrum which made you accept
the existence of that pandemic virus so that over the next few years they could shift our children
and their children into a new system of governance that would allow the collection of all of their
genetic and molecular cellular whatever data they can get because they need to give this data to
their coming artificial general intelligence which again Lex Friedman is there to so succinctly
seed into the narrative while they're talking about the pandemic it's coming ladies and gentlemen
please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group
by any means necessary and that's a fact i really think it's true i think we've cracked it
they're trying to eliminate the control group and intramuscular injection of any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is a dumb
transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent in viruses or not patterned
integrity sorry i've been gone for the last couple days um we are having to reorient
everything in the household and in the process of the day because um giggle and biological is
once again become my day job and that means i'm my and my family of five is fully dependent on the
subscriptions on the support and on the sharing of my work um so one-time donations one-time
subscriptions whatever you can afford would be great um we're gonna up the the ante a little
bit starting next week um hopefully with regular pdfs and regular journal clubs and other things
because again this is gonna be if possible um a full-time gig for me now it's the way it has to
be at this stage um and going forward i'm just going to jump out of this airplane and see
what catches me we've got 92 subscribers right now i think i need about 900 to sustain this
so if you can uh you can find me here at giggleonbiological.com
you can also find me at giggleon.vio you can also find a number to call an email to call
and i don't get many messages i don't get many calls and i usually answer or reply to all of
them um so take a chance leave a message um you might even get me live and i just might answer
um anyway uh there's where you can subscribe um if i had 900 of these guys or 900 of these guys
we'd be we'd be unstoppable um so let's that that's what i want to do um we've got 90 some odd right
now here and that are listening and sharing the work and i can't thank all of them enough for having
the guts to do it um for having the commitment to do it my my family my wife my kids um we all
thank you very very much and uh i will see you again tomorrow long weekend got a lot of work to do
um i actually had to switch one of my computers out of the rig and it it just it did not work
um so i've been spending a day and a half trying to get an old Macintosh to talk to a couple things
that i probably shouldn't have updated whatever it's a long story um thank you very much for joining
me and i'll see you again tomorrow this is gonna work here like that
i believe that is much more likely it's a lab leak